doc: Add FAQ for installing a different guardrails IDE extension version (#2426)
codacy/docs: docs/codacy-guardrails/codacy-guardrails-faq.md

Guardrails is supported on MacOS, Linux, and Windows (via [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install))

## Can I use Guardrails without an AI copilot?
Codacy Guardrails is designed to be installed from our IDE extension for VS Code, Cursor and Windsurf, but as long as you have an AI code generator that's compatible with the MCP protocol you can also add Guardrails into your MCP configuration manually.

Without an AI coding agent, you instead need to use the Codacy IDE extension without the MCP Server.

## How can I install a specific version of the IDE extension?
1. Open the Extensions tab
2. Select `Codacy`
3. Click on the down arrow on the right of the Uninstall button
4. Select `Install specific version...`
   ![install specific version](images/install-specific-version.png)
5. Select the version you want on the top search bar
6. Click on `Restart Extensions` when that button appears

> Keep in mind that the IDE extension is under active development, so be sure to check the latest versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the IDE extension is under active development, so be sure to check for updates regularly. Reverting to the latest version is as simple as clicking on **Update**.
```

## Can I use Guardrails without an AI copilot?
Codacy Guardrails is designed to be installed from our IDE extension for VS Code, Cursor and Windsurf. but as long as you have an AI code generator that's compatible with the MCP protocol you can also add Guardrails into your MCP configuration manually.

> Without an AI coding agent, you instead need to use the Codacy IDE extension without the MCP Server.

Reviewer: Can I use Guardrails without an AI copilot?
> if guardrails is the combination of mcp and cli, the answer here is no. Without an ai coding agent, you wont be able to use guardrails in all its extent. However, through the extension, you can still ensure local analysis and local management of your PR analysis, but no guardrails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without an AI coding agent, you can still use the IDE extension for local analysis and PR check information.
```

> ## How can I install a specific version of the IDE extension?

Reviewer: would it make sense to add here a short description on why this would be useful or in which scenarios it would be good to do this? 👀

Author: I didn't want to put it because it's basically "if we screw up the latest version, you can downgrade to the last functioning one". I think this section itself gives that idea already, and that's why I'm asking if this PR is a good idea or not. On one hand I want the users to be able to continue working with Guardrails if we screw up a release, but on the other hand I'm afraid to state that that can be expected...

Author: What about "If you wish to continue using a previous version a little longer, you can do so by: (...)" ?

Reviewer: great :+1: this suggestion is mostly to have the same structure as other sections in the docs ;) go for it!
```suggestion
## How can I install a specific version of the IDE extension?

If you wish to continue using a previous version a little longer, you can do so by:
```
